here in Texas war has been declared on
the killaby the vector control unit has
the task of removing nests and swamps we
join them on one of their Search and
Destroy missions killer bees are special
for a start they live right alongside
people you may have no idea they were in
your own backyard
until you get attacked these bees have
made their nest in a shed right next to
the house way too close for comfort you
can't have potential killers this near
to home
killer bees are the pit bull terriers of
the insect world they are far more
easily provoked another piece noise
vibrations even the smell of perfume can
trigger a frenzied attack and when they
do attack they do so in force hundreds
even thousands of bees stinging you to
death
one very unlucky person died after being
stung eight thousand times look at the
result of a single sting on one of our
critters what am I gonna do take more
antihistamine skitter cuz I have taken
two really and truly a half when and it
hasn't made any different stuff it was a
an hour ago you took two then yeah you
just woke up like this it's gonna
unfortunate it's going to take some time
to go down once it's gone up trouble is
that's closing up as well
yeah and it's all tingling up there
you breathe okay thumbs all right
it's gonna be
not this on your hair as well if you're
going to be seen right onto the next
vacation but to really understand just
why these bees are feared so much I
needed to experience an attack firsthand
go back to control unit told us of a
nest they were going to remove but
before they did I had the chance to put
the bees to the test would the noise
from this weed whackers be enough to
trigger an attack
within seconds I'm surrounded the bees
are just honed in on me like you
wouldn't believe they're all trying to
find out who is responsible for this
noise this intrusion on their net
the car wasn't wearing the suit I would
have been serious trouble now the air is
full of beef
swimming in fees crashing into my suit
trying to sting me
the noise and number of them is really
quite frightening
it's the intensity of attack that's most
impressive it's a sheer volume of venom
that the trying to inject into you
once they sting you they release a
chemical messenger called a pheromone
which attracts the others in any be
entering that where among cloud
stops exactly what it's doing intended
to kill them these animals are dying as
they sting me they're laying down their
lives in defense of the colony they're
making the ultimate sacrifice which for
me has got to make them the ultimate
deadly defender let's go and kill the
bees don't back off they were still
following trying to sting us over half a
mile after we'd left the nest
these are the camicazi killers of the
natural world
you